About Scale AI | Reliable AI for Critical Decisions | Scale AI 
 Scale appoints Francis deSouza as the new CEO Learn more 

 Products 
 Solutions 
 Research 
 Resources 
 
 Log in 
 
 Book demo 

 Book demo 

 About

 Our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world&#x27;s most important decisions.
 We provide high-quality data and full-stack technologies that power the world&#x27;s leading models and enable enterprises and governments to build, deploy, and oversee AI applications that deliver real impact.

 Headquarters: San Francisco, CA

 Trusted by 
 Powering the world&#x27;s leading AI

 What we do

 Data at Scale

 High-quality training data, annotations, and RLHF to power the world&#x27;s most advanced AI models.

 Evaluations

 Rigorous model evaluations and red-teaming to measure, benchmark, and improve AI performance.

 Applied AI

 Full-stack AI systems that help enterprises and governments build, deploy, and oversee reliable AI.

 By the numbers 
 Scale at a glance

 AI Decisions

 15B
 Human decisions to train AI models. 

 Contributors

 $1B
 Paid to contributors globally. 

 Valuation

 $29B

 Employees

 1,000+

 Founded

 2016

 Scale In The News

 Bloomberg 

 Scale AI Names Google Cloud Executive Francis deSouza as New CEO

 Axios 

 Scale AI hires Google Cloud COO Francis deSouza as new CEO

 CNN 

 One of the world’s most prominent hospitals is testing how AI can revolutionize health care

 Axios 

 Scale AI CEO Jason Droege pushes &#x27;reliability&#x27; reality

 Join us. Shape the future of AI.
 
 View Open Roles 

 Products
 Scale data engine Scale GenAI Platform Scale Donovan 

 Solutions
 Enterprise Insurance Healthcare US Public Sector Global Public Sector 

 Company
 About Careers Security Terms Privacy Modern Slavery Statement 

 Resources
 Blog Contact Us Events Documentation Data Partnerships Brand Guidelines 

 Guides
 Data Labeling ML Model Training Diffusion Models Guide to AI for eCommerce Computer Vision Applications Large Language Models 

 Reliable AI for the world’s most important decisions

 Manage your  cookie preferences 
 Copyright © 2026 Scale AI, Inc. All rights reserved
 Terms of Use  & Privacy Policy