Careers at Scale AI | Build the Future of AI | Scale AI 
 Scale appoints Francis deSouza as the new CEO Learn more 

 Products 
 Solutions 
 Research 
 Resources 
 
 Log in 
 
 Book demo 

 Book demo 

 Scale is growing. Grow with Us.
 Join us as we develop reliable AI systems for the world’s most important decisions.
 
 View Open Positions 

 In The News 
 Scale In The News

 Axios
 Scale AI CEO Jason Droege pushes &#x27;reliability&#x27; reality
 
 Read Article 

 Semafor
 Scale&#x27;s CEO says AI-related layoffs are often theater
 
 Read Article 

 Big Technology
 Most AI Training Is Moving To Reinforcement Learning, Scale AI Says
 
 Read Article 

 Why 
 Our Mission

 At Scale, our mission is to develop reliable AI systems for the world&#x27;s most important decisions.  
 Every industry across the private and public sectors is bringing AI to the center of operations. Yet despite this explosion of investment, there&#x27;s still no clear blueprint for organizations to move from pilot to profit.

 Our products for RLHF, image annotation, semantic segmentation, 3D point cloud annotation, and LiDAR and RADAR annotation are trusted by industry leaders and deliver world-class accuracy. 
 Our proprietary  Data Engine  powers the most advanced LLMs, generative models, and computer vision models with high-quality data. We then apply our experience partnering with leading AI companies building these models to help more organizations customize and  Apply AI  in their organizations.
 And we encode our tradecraft into the Scale GenerativeAI Platform to help organizations successfully apply AI to their most critical business and government decisions.

 OUR CREDOS 
 Our Internal Core Values

 Our credos provide a framework for us to make decisions and work effectively as a team, ensuring we are aligned in executing on our mission.

 Earn Customer Love
 We are passionate about our customers and contributors and are devoted to their success. We know that trust and confidence is earned, not given, with every interaction, every delivery, and every time we solve their problems.

 Team Flow
 We work as one Scale. Ideas, energy, and support flow freely across teams because we are invested in each other&#x27;s success. Optimize for the whole.

 Quality is Our Cheat Code
 The systems that deliver quality are rare enough to be a structural advantage. When we deliver effectively and consistently, the economics change. Deals get bigger, cycles get shorter, and growth stops being incremental.

 Find the 20%
 Not all hard work is equal. 80% of outcomes come from 20% of inputs. We find that 20% and execute completely, even when the work is tedious or meticulous. What we reject is effort without impact.

 Write the Market
 We don&#x27;t read the market. We write it. Our research puts us at the frontier before anyone else, and our job is to bring our partners there first.

 Three Moves Ahead
 When making decisions, consider the consequences of consequences. Plan accordingly.

 OUR BENEFITS 
 Supporting You To Do Your Best Work

 At Scale, we believe your talent and achievements deserve to be met with a supportive community and flexible environment.

 Health & Wellbeing
 Our holistic approach to supporting Scaliens includes comprehensive health coverage, dental and vision insurance, mental healthcare services, and more. PTO policies and accommodating schedules ensure you&#x27;ll get time off when you need it to relax and recharge. Note that our offerings may vary by region as we strive to respond to the unique needs of Scaliens around the globe.

 Personal & Career Growth
 Continuously learn and grow through annual learning & development stipend, attending leadership breakfasts, manager training, speaker series, and joining an ERG.

 Building Scale Community
 We welcome guests to our offices, and you can expect to see Scalien families and friends around. Join local happy hours, and accept invites to game nights, book clubs, and many other employee-led community events.

 Parental Support
 Balancing work and family is essential, and Scale understands the importance of having adequate leave policies in place to promote a healthy home and work life.

 Open positions 
 Help us bring human intelligence to software

 Loading positions… 

 Join University Student Careers
 
 Explore Opportunities 

 Products
 Scale data engine Scale GenAI Platform Scale Donovan 

 Solutions
 Enterprise Insurance Healthcare US Public Sector Global Public Sector 

 Company
 About Careers Security Terms Privacy Modern Slavery Statement 

 Resources
 Blog Contact Us Events Documentation Data Partnerships Brand Guidelines 

 Guides
 Data Labeling ML Model Training Diffusion Models Guide to AI for eCommerce Computer Vision Applications Large Language Models 

 Reliable AI for the world’s most important decisions

 Manage your  cookie preferences 
 Copyright © 2026 Scale AI, Inc. All rights reserved
 Terms of Use  & Privacy Policy