Databricks documentation | Databricks on AWS 

 Skip to main content 
 
 Get started Guides Develop Reference Resources Release notes Help Support Knowledge Base Community Training 

 English English 日本語 Português Français 
 AWS Azure GCP SAP 
 Try Databricks 

 Databricks on AWS 
 On this page 
 Last updated on Jul 28, 2026 

 Databricks documentation
 
 Databricks documentation provides how-to guidance and reference information for data analysts, data scientists, and data engineers solving problems in analytics and AI. The Databricks Data Intelligence Platform enables data teams to collaborate on data stored in the Lakehouse. See What is Databricks ? 

 tip
 Databricks technical documentation is organized by cloud provider. Use the cloud switcher in the upper right corner of the page to choose between Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform , or Microsoft Azure . For ADI Services, see the ADI Services documentation .

 Try Databricks ​ 

 Sign up for Databricks for free 

 Start your journey with Databricks by signing up for a free trial account.

 Get started tutorials on Databricks 

 Learn the basics of working with Databricks using guided tutorials.

 Workspace UI 

 Learn the fundamentals of navigating and using the Databricks workspace interface.

 Data guides 

 Discover and connect to data sources, manage data assets, and perform exploratory data analysis.

 Explore Databricks ​ 

 Data guides 

 Discover and connect to data sources, manage data assets, and perform exploratory data analysis.

 Data sharing 

 Share data and AI assets securely with users outside of your organization or on different metastores within your account.

 Data engineering 

 Build and manage ETL pipelines, process large data sets, and orchestrate data workflows.

 AI and machine learning 

 Develop, train, and deploy machine learning models and AI applications using MLflow and Databricks tools.

 Databricks AI/BI 

 Create dashboards, reports, and visualizations for business insights and BI analytics.

 Data warehousing 

 Query and analyze data using SQL, manage schemas, and optimize data warehouse performance.

 OLTP databases (Lakebase) 

 Create and manage fully-managed, PostgreSQL-compatible databases with Lakebase, integrated with your Lakehouse.

 Develop on Databricks 

 Build applications, integrate APIs, and extend Databricks functionality with custom code.

 Manage Databricks ​ 

 Administration 

 Configure account settings and manage workspaces, users, and administrative policies across your Databricks environment.

 Security and compliance 

 Implement security controls, configure access policies, and ensure compliance with industry standards.

 Data governance with Unity Catalog 

 Establish data governance frameworks, manage data lineage, and implement data quality controls.

 Quick links ​ 

 Status page 

 Information about the Databricks Status Page to monitor system status, service availability, and maintenance schedules across all regions.

 Release notes 

 Stay updated with the latest Databricks product updates, new features, and platform improvements.

 Databricks glossary 

 Find definitions for technical terms, concepts, and terminology used throughout Databricks.

 Reference 

 Overview of API reference documentation, including reference for the Databricks REST API, SDKs, Python APIs, and Databricks SQL.

 Other resources 

 Limits and quotas, regions, support, product feedback, free training, migration guides, and more.

 Get documentation help from Genie ​ 

 Genie is available on the Databricks documentation site to help you get answers about Databricks and quickly discover relevant information.

 Click the Ask Genie button in the bottom right corner of the site to open Genie . To close Genie , click the button below the chat.

 On this page

 Try Databricks Explore Databricks Manage Databricks Quick links Get documentation help from Genie 

 Privacy Notice · Terms of Use · Modern Slavery Statement · California Privacy · Your Privacy Choices  

 © Databricks 2026. All rights reserved. Apache, Apache Spark, Spark and the Spark logo are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation .