About Us | CoreWeave 

 Announcement

 Webinar

 Podcast

 GTC 2026

 CoreWeave recognized as a Visionary in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Cloud AI Infrastructure. Read the report 

 CoreWeave Cloud 

 Main menu

 The CoreWeave Cloud Platform
 Our AI-native platform of technology, tools, and teams is fully integrated and purpose-built to power pioneers&#x27; most complex workloads.
 View the platform

 Why CoreWeave?

 CoreWeave ARENA

 Trust center

 Global AI data centers

 The CoreWeave Effect

 Our AI-native platform of technology, tools, and teams is fully integrated and purpose-built to power pioneers&#x27; most complex workloads.

 Products

 Main menu

 Products

 Foundational infrastructure

 Products

 Foundational infrastructure
 
 GPU compute

 NVIDIA Vera Rubin

 NVIDIA Blackwell

 NVIDIA Hopper

 NVIDIA Ada Lovelace

 CPU compute

 Bare metal servers

 Networking

 CoreWeave earns SemiAnalysis’ Platinum ClusterMAX™ rating
 The only AI cloud to earn a Platinum rating twice—see why CoreWeave is the Essential Cloud for AI™.
 See why we earned Platinum

 Data and storage

 Products

 Data and storage

 AI Object storage

 Distributed file storage

 Dedicated VAST Storage

 Local Storage

 CoreWeave Zero Egress Migration ( 0 EM)
 Zero egress data migration to CoreWeave with no fees, no lock-in, and expert-led transfers to high-performance AI object storage.
 Get started today

 Infrastructure control

 Products

 Infrastructure control

 Managed Kubernetes

 Defining the Essential Cloud for AI
 Discover how CoreWeave’s Essential Cloud for AI redefines infrastructure.
 Download whitepaper

 Runtime acceleration

 Products

 Runtime acceleration

 SUNK

 SUNK Anywhere

 Serverless RL

 Serverless Inference

 Dedicated Inference

 MLPerf v5.0 Results
 CoreWeave consistently sets new records in MLPerf benchmarking, leading the industry in both AI training and inference performance.
 Download our report

 Model and agent development

 Products

 Model and agent development

 CoreWeave Sandbox
 Preview

 Training

 Fine-tuning

 ARIA - AI Research and Iteration Agent

 Monitor

 CoreWeave ARENA
 Run real AI workloads on purpose-built infrastructure to validate performance, scaling, and cost before committing to production. Leave with clear, evidence-backed recommendations.
 Apply now

 Mission control

 Products

 Mission control

 Mission Control

 Fleet lifecycle controller

 Node lifecycle controller

 Observability

 Security

 Tensorizer

 Mission Control: The Operating Standard for AI at Scale
 Mission Control brings observability, secure audit visibility, and automated operations together to keep AI infrastructure reliable and transparent.
 Learn more

 Solutions

 Main menu

 Solutions by use case

 Training
 
 AI model training

 Train large-scale AI models with purpose-built GPU infrastructure

 Reinforcement learning

 Post-train and optimize agents using reinforcement learning

 Agentic AI and inference
 
 Agentic AI

 Close the loop between training and inference to improve agent reliability

 AI inference

 Run low-latency AI inference with high-performance compute

 Agent development

 Develop, evaluate, and refine AI agents with confidence

 Specialized Workloads
 
 VFX rendering

 Accelerate VFX and rendering with scalable GPU power

 Solutions by industry
 
 Federal

 Media and entertainment

 Physical AI

 Pricing

 Main menu

 Pricing

 AI cloud pricing

 Explore pricing for all GPUs, products and services

 CoreWeave capacity plans

 Guaranteed capacity. Flexible pricing.

 Cut AI cloud TCO up to 47%
 Explore how to save up to 47% on 3-year AI cloud costs and get 96% more TFLOPs/$ in this TCO analysis by Futurum Signal65.
 Read the report

 Resources

 Main menu

 Resources

 Learn
 
 Resource center

 Explore whitepapers, briefs, videos and more

 Customer stories

 See how leading teams build and scale with CoreWeave

 Webinars and events

 Join live events and watch on-demand sessions

 Blog

 Insights on AI cloud, infrastructure, and innovation

 Topics

 Explore foundational concepts in AI, cloud infrastructure, and emerging technologies

 Support
 
 Documentation

 Technical documentation and implementation guides

 Status

 Real-time platform availability and system updates

 CoreWeave ARENA 
 Run real AI workloads on purpose-built infrastructure to validate performance, scaling, and cost before committing to production. Leave with clear, evidence-backed recommendations.
 Apply now

 About us

 Main menu

 About us

 Company

 Learn about our mission, leadership, and values

 Careers

 Explore open roles and life at CoreWeave

 Newsroom

 Latest announcements, press releases, and company news

 Investor relations

 Financial reports, filings, and investor information

 Contact us Login 

 Contact us Login 

 Clear 

 About CoreWeave
 
 The Essential Cloud for AI

 ‍

 What we do
 CoreWeave is a cloud purpose-built for scaling, supporting, and accelerating GenAI. We’re a comprehensive platform and strategic partner designed to tackle today—and tomorrow’s—challenges of deploying AI at scale. We manage the complexities of AI growth to make supercomputing accessible and push the limits of what’s possible. Our teams create modern solutions to support modern technology. Get the premier choice for working with GenAI workloads.

 ‍ 

 Our values
 We believe in the power of people. As fast-movers and forward-thinkers, our values are the mantras behind why we do what we do.

 Be curious at your core

 We foster a mindset of continuous learning, understanding that curiosity drives innovation. We seek out information, question assumptions, and value different perspectives. Curiosity is a driving force that allows us to explore ideas and innovations that push boundaries, challenge the status quo, and better serve our customers.

 Empower employees

 We trust each other to make decisions, communicate transparently, and are clear on our goals. We support each other with the tools, resources, and feedback necessary to succeed. We know that employees can do their best work when they feel valued, supported, and heard.

 Act like an owner

 We take full responsibility for our work and our decisions to find the best solution to any challenge. Wait for others to solve problems? Not us – we step up, innovate, and drive progress. We take initiative, hold ourselves accountable, and foster a culture where everyone feels empowered to contribute to our success.

 Deliver best-in-class experiences

 Some might say we’re customer-obsessed. We go above and beyond to understand our customer’s needs and aim to exceed expectations at every step. Our commitment to excellence ensures we build lasting partnerships and set the standard for exceptional service.

 Achieve more together

 Collaboration is at the heart of our success. Together, we unlock greater potential and solve challenges more effectively. We believe that by leveraging diverse perspectives, supporting each other, and working as one team, we can accomplish more than we could ever do alone.

 ‍

 Our team
 Get to know us.

 Mike Intrator
 Chief Executive Officer, Co-founder

 Brian Venturo
 Chief Strategy Officer, Co-founder

 Brannin McBee
 Chief Development Officer, Co-founder

 Peter Salanki
 Chief Technology Officer, Co-founder

 Nitin Agrawal
 Chief Financial Officer

 Chen Goldberg
 Executive Vice President, Product & Engineering

 Sachin Jain
 Chief Operating Officer

 Michelle O’Rourke
 Chief People Officer

 Kristen McVeety
 General Counsel

 Max Hjelm
 Executive Vice President, Strategic Deals

 Jean English
 Chief Marketing Officer

 Sandy Venugopal
 Chief Information Officer

 James Higgins
 Chief Information Security Officer

 Jeff Baker
 Chief Accounting Officer

 Jon Jones
 Chief Revenue Officer

 Clients and Partners

 These customers trust CoreWeave for their business-critical AI workloads.

 Work with us
 
 Ready to shape the future? Join CoreWeave and help drive the future of technology with a team redefining what’s possible.

 Explore careers 

 ‍

 Contact us 
 Login 

 Products
 GPU Compute 
 CPU Compute 
 Storage Services 
 Networking Services 
 Managed Services 
 Bare Metal Servers 
 Platform
 Fleet LifeCycle Controller
 
 Node LifeCycle Controller 
 Tensorizer 
 Observability 

 Solutions
 AI Model Training 
 AI Inference 
 VFX & Rendering 
 Mission Control 
 
 AI Infrastructure 

 Why CoreWeave 

 Resources
 Customer Stories 
 Documentation 
 Status 
 Pricing 
 Resource Center 
 Events & Webinars 
 
 About 
 About Us 
 Careers 
 Life at CoreWeave 
 
 Newsroom 
 Investor Relations 
 Supplier Code of Conduct 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information 

 © CoreWeave.
290 W Mt Pleasant Ave
Suite 4100
Livingston, NJ 07039